W-19420663-troubleshootingPLUGIN-update-dm (#3167)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/mule-troubleshooting-plugin.adoc

== Before You Begin

Before using the plugin, make sure that you have these prerequisites:

* Mule runtime distribution starting with 4.10, with patches available for 4.6 and 4.9.
* Java 8 or later, matching the Mule runtime version requirements.
* Access to `$MULE_HOME`. The CLI script `diag` automatically locates the Mule home directory.

> The plugin works out-of-the-box in all deployment models (Standalone, CloudHub, CloudHub 2.0, Anypoint Runtime Fabric) without installing additional dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
The plugin works out-of-the-box in the Standalone and CloudHub deployment models without installing additional dependencies.
```
